roles/speakers-cfp_coordinator.md, before:

# Program Committee, CFP and Speaker Relations

## Role description

The Program Committee is the group of individuals that brings the agenda together for the event. Without the program committee, the event would have a challenging time bringing people together to discuss and engage. It takes commitment throughout the year to understand what would bring the best conversations.

### Program Committee

The program committee is a selection of (at least) 5 people who will be voting on the proposed CFPs for our conference, and people selected should reflect a wide cross-section of perspectives when it comes to selecting talks. They will help shape and decide on the agenda and content, though the organizing team will have a final say. All organizers are part of the program committee, ideally, and you should also include some people who are known to be good reviewers in the community. Generally, to avoid favoritism, committee members _should not_ propose talks or should recuse themselves from reviewing their own, or their co-workers, proposals due to conflict of interest.

You are responsible for making a schedule for the conference. There have to be two diverse tracks, ample time for the attendees to go have lunch, and the conference should run roughly between 9AM until 6PM. You are also in charge of confirming all of the speakers and ensuring that any changes to schedule are communicated, especially last minute changes which can happen on the day of event. You might have to work with AV to ensure all information on the event YouTube slides are correct.

Commit message:

Limit talks per speaker to two in Sessionize setup
Added a guideline for limiting the number of talks per speaker in the Sessionize event setup.

roles/speakers-cfp_coordinator.md, after:

# Program Committee, CFP and Speaker Relations

## Role description

The Program Committee is the group of individuals that brings the agenda together for the event. Without the program committee, the event would have a challenging time bringing people together to discuss and engage. It takes commitment throughout the year to understand what would bring the best conversations.

### Program Committee

The program committee is a selection of (at least) 5 people who will be voting on the proposed CFPs for our conference, and people selected should reflect a wide cross-section of perspectives when it comes to selecting talks. They will help shape and decide on the agenda and content, though the organizing team will have a final say. All organizers are part of the program committee, ideally, and you should also include some people who are known to be good reviewers in the community. Generally, to avoid favoritism, committee members _should not_ propose talks or should recuse themselves from reviewing their own, or their co-workers, proposals due to conflict of interest.

When setting up the Sessionize event, please ensure that only two talks are allowed per speaker. 

You are responsible for making a schedule for the conference. There have to be two diverse tracks, ample time for the attendees to go have lunch, and the conference should run roughly between 9AM until 6PM. You are also in charge of confirming all of the speakers and ensuring that any changes to schedule are communicated, especially last minute changes which can happen on the day of event. You might have to work with AV to ensure all information on the event YouTube slides are correct.
