# Food

Most venues make their money off of food sales by requiring you to use their vendor or themselves. Depending on the venue, the food organizer may be the same as the venue organizer. If there is a separate food organizer, work closely with the venue lead to make sure everyone gets fed. Ideally, you should encourage the venue coordinator to find a venue that allows you to choose your own vendor for cost reasons.

### General Tasks

* Set up breakfast for each day of the conference
* Put together a list of local lunch places
* Set up afternoon snack break for each day of the conference
* Set up a coffee vendor for each day of the conference
* Set up beverage service for each day of the conference
* Identify and negotiate with any and all vendors for food and beverage.
* Clean up after all food service.

### 3 Months Out

* Determine what vendor you need to go with for food for breakfast, snacks, and coffee.
* If you are using an outside vendor, get at least three quotes for each meal.

### 2 Months Out

* Get a contract signed with your food vendors. They usually need at least two months of lead time to get things in order.

### 2 Weeks Before

* Check in with the food vendor and make any last-minute adjustments (i.e., if the attendee count is low, scale back the amount of food).
* Get a Certificate of Insurance (COI) for any food vendor that will be setting up on site; delivery food vendors do not need to supply a COI. The minimum coverage required and required language is usually in the venue contract.

### The Day Before

* If hiring an outside vendor, get the information on when they'll arrive. Arrange for drop off and placing the food. You'll want the food to arrive at least 30 minutes before meal time in order to get everything set up.
* Make room on the credit card used to pay for the event. You need to have enough credit to handle all the food vendors charging you at once. If you need to use multiple cards, plan to do so.

### The Day Of

* Make sure that food is delivered on time and in the right locations. 
* If there is any excess food, gather it up in the afternoon and take it to a local shelter.
* Police the food area to make sure that empty containers are removed and keep the selection fresh and topped off.

## Common mistakes or gotchas

* Self-service grab-and-go food is the most efficient and fastest method. If you ever do lunch, avoid buffets or served meals, and lean toward pre-portioned meals. You can save a lot of time that way, which will translate to more talks.
* The general rule of thumb for vegan and gluten-free options is 20% of the total headcount. Make sure that those meals are segregated away so that they aren't grabbed by mistake. Have a volunteer stationed with the restricted meal option and check them off a list generated by the registration organizer.
* You are feeding everyone, including volunteers, organizers, sponsors, and attendees. Make sure to use the total headcount for planning. Be careful of your estimated attendance.